Welcome, in this video, we're going to configure TextMate 2 to work with our command prompt.
Now that we've downloaded and installed TextMate 2, we need to set it up so that we can access it from the command prompt as we need.
If I open up my terminal program and type the "mate" command, currently the command is not found.
So I'm going to exit out, and now open up TextMate 2. Then go to the TextMate menu, preferences, or command+comma.
Once the preferences window is open, go to the terminal tab. Currently the shell support is not installed, which we found out earlier.
To set it up, click on the install button. Since we're making changes to our operating system,
we'll need to provide the username and password of our admin account. Once we've done that click on OK.
Great, once that's done, the red indicator changes to green, and it says shell support installed.
Let's test that out. Let's close the preferences window, and let's fully quit out of TextMate, command+q.
Let's open up our terminal program again, and now, type mate. Then press enter.
If we were successful, TextMate will be launched.